well howdy there I don't have people
it's Bo again today is gonna be another
one of those days
another one of those videos if you're
new to the channel because I haven't
done one of these in quite a while
you may not know but I have a whole
catalogue of videos where I break apart
events that were caught on tape
involving law enforcement explain
exactly what went happened what happened
the chain of events why things occurred
the way they did what's inside a policy
and outside of policy whether the
actions were negligent or criminal or
hey this one really is just an accident
I do this for two reasons one if I was a
family member I would want to know I
would want to know everything from every
possible viewpoint I would want closure
I would want to understand the other
reason is that I think it's an important
tool for accountability you can't fix it
if you don't know what's broken I have a
really good track record with these
videos I am able to say what happened
long before it's ever officially
released because of that I have had a
number of requests to talk about George
Floyd in Minneapolis in those videos
I've watched the videos from the
different angles 15 20 times
I can't I don't understand what I'm
looking at
to be completely honest I think that
there is a big piece of information that
we don't have and this is not I want to
be real clear about this part this is
not me saying oh let's wait for all the
facts to come out something's going to
come out and clear the cops no no
there's a video link below made more
than a year ago it lays out a whole
bunch of different ways that cops kill
people unjustly if you don't want to
watch the whole thing start at 7 minutes
and 55 seconds and understand that's the
cops version of events that's what the
department is saying happened what the
department is saying happened their
story places the blame firmly on law
enforcement that video was made more
than a year ago based on training and
information that's been available for
decades nothing and that is a surprise
the difference between what's described
in last year's video and what is visible
in the Floyd videos is that what I'm
talking about last year it occurs
quickly it's in the heat of the moment
it's not a prolonged drugged-out thing
where the person's crying for help
what's on that video is unacceptable it
is wrong what I'm saying is that my gut
is telling me there is information that
we don't have yet that it's going to
make it more wrong it is going to be
more tragic this information could be
related to the officers histories it
could be related to mr. Floyd State of
Mind it could be related to prior
history between mr. Floyd and one of the
officers it could be related to whether
or not he was actually the person they
were looking for there there's a whole
bunch of variables I have a lot of
questions I haven't had this much pause
and in looking at one of these incidents
since the amber Geiger case and in fact
that's the only one that has ever given
me this much pause this stuff is
normally pretty cut-and-dry it's pretty
easily explainable this isn't I can't
write this off to just another racist
cop or bad training there's something
else there if you haven't seen in any of
those other videos go back and watch one
understand I'm very comfortable with
ambiguity confusing situations do not
bother me
this isn't confusion this is
unexplainable
I've sent this and asked other people
who are familiar with these types of
incidents to give me their opinion they
don't have a clue either
there's there's more to this and I think
I think MPD knows what it is
I think it's on those body cams if I was
the Minneapolis Police Department I
would be releasing everything
immediately because the longer this goes
on and the longer it's kept quiet the
more animated the response will be from
the public everybody's looking at that
and they know something's wrong and that
they know that it's unjust I think that
if there is additional information that
makes it more wrong and more unjust it
needs to come out now I I and the other
people that I've talked to trying to
come up with a scenario in which it was
even remotely justified and we came up
with nothing we need to know what
happened here we need every piece of
video we need every piece of audio we
need those radio transcripts we need
everything because this isn't gonna fly
that that that video I do not understand
everybody knows that those techniques
lead to that and this wasn't in the heat
of the moment this drug on and on and on
with the person crying for help and none
of the officers saw fit to say hey wait
a second we once took a class on this
because I'm sure they did I'm sure that
Minneapolis PD has trained them that
this that those tactics those techniques
can't lead to this so we have to know
what happened here
I can't give a video like I normally do
because as long as it is I think there's
more information that is going to make
it more wrong I would be prepared for
this incident to become more tragic than
it already is
anyway it's just a thought y'all y'all
try to have a good day